README.md, before:

# Awesome for non-programmers

Here comes a list of Open Source projects where you can contribute without any programming knowledge.

Inspired by the [Awesome First PR Opportunities](https://github.com/MunGell/awesome-for-beginners/).


## The projects

* [Code And Talk](https://github.com/szabgab/codeandtalk.com): Collecting data about tech conferences in JSON files. The README has links to the file describing how to add [Events](https://github.com/szabgab/codeandtalk.com/blob/main/docs/EVENTS.md) to the "database".
* [Common Voice](https://voice.mozilla.org/): Mozilla's initiative to help teach machines to understand speech. Everybody can [contribute voice recordings](https://voice.mozilla.org/en/record), [validate recordings](https://voice.mozilla.org/en), (only English so far) and [contribute sentences](https://voice-sprint.mozilla.community/contributing/) (all languages).
* [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/): 2D and 3D cross-platform game engine. Help with [translating the engine and documentation](https://godotengine.org/article/godots-documentation-now-open-translation) or in [lots of other ways](http://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/community/contributing/ways_to_contribute.html).
* [LanguageTool](https://community.languagetool.org/): Open Source proofreading tool
* [swag-for-dev](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev): 😎👕🧦 A list of swag opportunities for developers
* [awesome-eli5](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-eli5): 👶 Tech "explained" like you're five! git.io/eli5
* [awesome-inspiration](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration): 🔥 A curated list of content worth sharing to help you get inspired! ⚡️
* [Oppia](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki/Teaching-with-Oppia): [Oppia](https://www.oppia.org) Oppia is an online learning tool that enables anyone to easily create and share interactive activities.
* [A-to-Z-Resources-for-Students](https://github.com/dipakkr/A-to-Z-Resources-for-Students) This is a dynamic list for everything you need to know for coders and non-coders. Make yourself comfortable updating the list and using any of the resources listed.
* [jsonmc](https://github.com/jsonmc/jsonmc) A comprehensive collection of movies and actors -- easy to use and parsed in json file format, segregated by release year.
* [LearningOpportunity](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/) Guide that provides a quick and short tutorial on how to start contributing with GitHub.
* [lang++](https://github.com/fibanneacci/langplusplus): A collection of code editing tools with support for non-English languages. Non-programmers have the opportunity to contribute to the translations.

## Contributing to this list

If you'd like to add an item, please provide a brief description what non-programmers can do and how can they contribute to that project. Include a link directly to the page that explains how and what to contribute.


## License

[![CC0](http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, the author has waived all copyright and related or neighbouring rights of this work.

Commit message:

Added a link where you can learn music
helping people to get started with music

README.md, after:

# Awesome for non-programmers

Here comes a list of Open Source projects where you can contribute without any programming knowledge.

Inspired by the [Awesome First PR Opportunities](https://github.com/MunGell/awesome-for-beginners/).


## The projects

* [Code And Talk](https://github.com/szabgab/codeandtalk.com): Collecting data about tech conferences in JSON files. The README has links to the file describing how to add [Events](https://github.com/szabgab/codeandtalk.com/blob/main/docs/EVENTS.md) to the "database".
* [Common Voice](https://voice.mozilla.org/): Mozilla's initiative to help teach machines to understand speech. Everybody can [contribute voice recordings](https://voice.mozilla.org/en/record), [validate recordings](https://voice.mozilla.org/en), (only English so far) and [contribute sentences](https://voice-sprint.mozilla.community/contributing/) (all languages).
* [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/): 2D and 3D cross-platform game engine. Help with [translating the engine and documentation](https://godotengine.org/article/godots-documentation-now-open-translation) or in [lots of other ways](http://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/community/contributing/ways_to_contribute.html).
* [LanguageTool](https://community.languagetool.org/): Open Source proofreading tool
* [swag-for-dev](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev): 😎👕🧦 A list of swag opportunities for developers
* [awesome-eli5](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-eli5): 👶 Tech "explained" like you're five! git.io/eli5
* [awesome-inspiration](https://github.com/swapagarwal/awesome-inspiration): 🔥 A curated list of content worth sharing to help you get inspired! ⚡️
* [Oppia](https://github.com/oppia/oppia/wiki/Teaching-with-Oppia): [Oppia](https://www.oppia.org) Oppia is an online learning tool that enables anyone to easily create and share interactive activities.
* [A-to-Z-Resources-for-Students](https://github.com/dipakkr/A-to-Z-Resources-for-Students) This is a dynamic list for everything you need to know for coders and non-coders. Make yourself comfortable updating the list and using any of the resources listed.
* [jsonmc](https://github.com/jsonmc/jsonmc) A comprehensive collection of movies and actors -- easy to use and parsed in json file format, segregated by release year.
* [LearningOpportunity](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/) Guide that provides a quick and short tutorial on how to start contributing with GitHub.
* [lang++](https://github.com/fibanneacci/langplusplus): A collection of code editing tools with support for non-English languages. Non-programmers have the opportunity to contribute to the translations.

## Contributing to this list

If you'd like to add an item, please provide a brief description what non-programmers can do and how can they contribute to that project. Include a link directly to the page that explains how and what to contribute.
##This is the best resource to get started with learning music 
heres the link
'https://www.libertyparkmusic.com/8-tips-to-learn-music-as-an-adult/'

## License

[![CC0](http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, the author has waived all copyright and related or neighbouring rights of this work.
